docs(media-object): add usage documentation (#766)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/layout/media-object/index.mdx

import {Paragraph} from '@twilio-paste/paragraph';
import {Alert} from '@twilio-paste/alert';
import {Menu, MenuButton, SubMenuButton, MenuItem, MenuGroup, MenuSeparator, useMenuState} from '@twilio-paste/menu';
import {MediaObject, MediaFigure, MediaBody} from '@twilio-paste/media-object';
import {ChevronDownIcon} from '@twilio-paste/icons/esm/ChevronDownIcon';
import {subMenuExample} from '../../../component-examples/MenuExamples.ts';
import {SidebarCategoryRoutes} from '../../../constants';
import Changelog from '@twilio-paste/media-object/CHANGELOG.md';

export const pageQuery = graphql`
  {
    allPasteLayout(filter: {name: {eq: "@twilio-paste/media-object"}}) {
      edges {
        node {
          name
          description
          status
          version
        }
      }
    }
    mdx(fields: {slug: {eq: "/media-object/"}}) {
      fileAbsolutePath
      frontmatter {
        slug
        title
      }
      headings {
        depth
        value
      }
    }
  }
`;

<ComponentHeader
  name="Media Object"
  categoryRoute={SidebarCategoryRoutes.LAYOUT}
  githubUrl="https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/tree/main/packages/paste-core/layout/media-object"

>   storybookUrl="https://twilio-labs.github.io/paste/?path=/story/layout-stack--stack"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  storybookUrl="https://twilio-labs.github.io/paste/?path=/story/layout-media-object--default"
```

  data={props.data.allPasteLayout.edges}
/>

---

<contentwrapper>

<PageAside data={props.data.mdx} />

<content>

## Guidelines

### About Media Object

> First created by [Nicole Sullivan](http://www.stubbornella.org/content/2010/06/25/the-media-object-saves-hundreds-of-lines-of-code/) back in 2010, the Media Object in Paste aims to serve many of the same purposes as the original concept. It's a layout pattern that you will see all across the web, on almost all the websites you will come across. We're pretty sure you'll never unsee this going forward.

Author: Added the `showExternal` prop to Anchor and ability for all links in mdx to automatically show the external link icon

> The concept is this; there is an image or figure positioned horizontally next to some form of content. The figure can sit on either or both sides of the content. That's it. It sounds dumb, but it's literally everywhere. Even in the top of this website with the Paste logo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**So what's a media object?** An image or figure positioned horizontally next to some form of content. The figure can sit on either or both sides of the content. That's it. It sounds really simple, but it's literally everywhere on the Internet. For example, the top left of this website uses a Media Object.
```

Reviewer 2: Can we add a little code snippet here to show the paste design system media object example?

If you were to draw the concept, it might look something like this:

<Box as="div" backgroundColor="colorBackgroundDark" padding="space40" marginBottom="space70">
  <MediaObject as="div">
    <MediaFigure as="div" spacing="space40">
      <Box backgroundColor="colorBackgroundPrimary" height="sizeIcon110" width="sizeIcon110" />
    </MediaFigure>
    <MediaBody as="div">
      <Box backgroundColor="colorBackgroundPrimary" height="sizeIcon110" width="100%" />
    </MediaBody>
  </MediaObject>
</Box>

> The aim of the Media Object to make this extremely common layout pattern trivial to achieve time and time again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The aim of the Media Object to make this common layout pattern easy and efficient to implement.
```

#### Accessibility

> By default, Media Object has no accessibility concerns. While using Media Object, it is up to you to manage the resulting

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Media Object has no specific accessibility concerns. While using this layout component, it is up to you to manage the resulting
```

accessibility implications. You may want to consider how the Media Object affects readability due to ordering, and
the visual or content hierarchy of your page.

## Examples

### Basic Media Object

The Media Object is a composition of three things;

- The `MediaObject`
- A `MediaFigure`
- A `MediaBody`

The `MediaObject` acts as the outer wrapper of the pattern. The `MediaFigure` is the container for the content that is often graphical in nature and fixed in size. The `MediaBody` is a container typically for accompanying text content and fills the remaining space.

The content of a `MediaFigure` and `MediaBody` is entirely up to you.

> <LivePreview scope={{Box, MediaObject, MediaFigure, MediaBody}} language="jsx">

Reviewer 2: Add a heading in this example, it feels incomplete.

Also add some references to Black authors, or activists, or messaging

  {`<MediaObject as="div">
  <MediaFigure as="div">
    <Box backgroundColor="colorBackgroundDark" borderRadius="borderRadius20" height="sizeIcon100" width="sizeIcon100" />
  </MediaFigure>
  <MediaBody as="div">
    Some Text
  </MediaBody>
</MediaObject>`}
</LivePreview>

### MediaFigure Spacing

> To set some spacing between the `MediaFigure` and `MediaBody` set the `spacing` property on the `MediaFigure`. This prop takes any spacing token.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To set some spacing between the `MediaFigure` and `MediaBody`, set the `spacing` property on the `MediaFigure`. This prop takes any spacing token.
```

<LivePreview scope={{Box, MediaObject, MediaFigure, MediaBody}} language="jsx">
  {`<MediaObject as="div">
  <MediaFigure
    as="div"
    spacing="space40"
  >
    <Box backgroundColor="colorBackgroundDark" borderRadius="borderRadius20" height="sizeIcon100" width="sizeIcon100"></Box>
  </MediaFigure>
  <MediaBody as="div">
    Some Text
  </MediaBody>
</MediaObject>`}
</LivePreview>

### Vertical alignment

> By default the `MediaBody` is top aligned to the `MediaFigure`. By settting the `verticalAlign` prop on the `MediaObject` to "center" you can align the `MediaBody` to the middle of the `MediaFigure`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default the `MediaBody` is top-aligned to the `MediaFigure`. By setting the `verticalAlign` prop on the `MediaObject` to "center", you can align the `MediaBody` to the middle of the `MediaFigure`.
```

<LivePreview scope={{Box, MediaObject, MediaFigure, MediaBody}} language="jsx">
  {`<MediaObject as="div" verticalAlign="center">
  <MediaFigure
    as="div"
    spacing="space40"
  >
    <Box backgroundColor="colorBackgroundDark" borderRadius="borderRadius20" height="sizeIcon100" width="sizeIcon100"></Box>
  </MediaFigure>
  <MediaBody as="div">
    Some Text
  </MediaBody>
</MediaObject>`}
</LivePreview>

### MediaFigure at the end

To place the `MediaFigure` after the `MediaBody`, at the end of the `MediaObject`, place the `MediaFigure` after the `MediaBody` in the DOM. Be sure to set the `align` prop on the `MediaFigure` to "end" to reverse the spacing.

<LivePreview scope={{Box, MediaObject, MediaFigure, MediaBody}} language="jsx">
  {`<MediaObject as="div" verticalAlign="center">
  <MediaBody as="div">
    Some Text
  </MediaBody>
  <MediaFigure
    as="div"
    align="end"
    spacing="space40"
  >
    <Box backgroundColor="colorBackgroundDark" borderRadius="borderRadius20" height="sizeIcon100" width="sizeIcon100"></Box>
  </MediaFigure>
</MediaObject>`}
</LivePreview>

### Double figure

> To have a `MediaFigure` at either end of the `MediaObject` add a `MediaFigure` before and after the `MediaBody`, setting the second `MediaFigure` to `align` "end".

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To have a `MediaFigure` at either end of the `MediaObject`, add a `MediaFigure` before and after the `MediaBody`, setting the second `MediaFigure` to `align="end"`.
```

<LivePreview scope={{Box, MediaObject, MediaFigure, MediaBody}} language="jsx">
  {`<MediaObject as="div" verticalAlign="center">
  <MediaFigure
    as="div"
    spacing="space40"
  >
    <Box backgroundColor="colorBackgroundDark" borderRadius="borderRadius20" height="sizeIcon100" width="sizeIcon100"></Box>
  </MediaFigure>
  <MediaBody as="div">
    Some Text
  </MediaBody>
  <MediaFigure
    as="div"
    align="end"
    spacing="space40"
  >
    <Box backgroundColor="colorBackgroundDark" borderRadius="borderRadius20" height="sizeIcon100" width="sizeIcon100"></Box>
  </MediaFigure>
</MediaObject>`}
</LivePreview>

## Paste Examples

Places where you are likely to see this pattern used in Paste include:

### The Alert component

> The Alert is a classic Media Object layout. The Status level icon is the Media Figure, and the alert description is the Media Body.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Alert is a classic Media Object layout. The status level icon is the Media Figure, and the alert description is the Media Body.
```

<LivePreview scope={{Alert}} language="jsx">
  {`<Alert variant="warning">

>   <strong>Caution:</strong> You may never unsee this pattern across the web!

Reviewer 3: It could help to make this alert text wrap to 2 lines. From all the examples, it's not clear that Figure and Body can be different heights.

Author: Updated the example

</Alert>`}
</LivePreview>

### Submenu component

> A Submenu Item uses a Media Object where the Media Figure is aligned to the end. It is used to show the user there are further options to a particular menu item with the use of a chevron icon.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A Submenu item uses a Media Object where the Media Figure is aligned to the end. It is used to show the user there are further options to a particular menu item with the use of a chevron icon.
```

<LivePreview
  scope={{
    useMenuState,
    Menu,
    MenuButton,
    SubMenuButton,
    MenuItem,
    MenuSeparator,
    ChevronDownIcon,
  }}
  noInline
>
  {subMenuExample}

> </LivePreview>

Reviewer 3: At first glance, it could seem like this section is referring to the menu button rather than submenu item.

Author: Yeah, i'm removing this one

---

## Usage Guide

> In the Paste Media Object the size of the figure is determined by the content that is placed inside of it. The body will fill the remaining space in the row.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The size of `MediaFigure` is determined by the content that is placed inside of it. `MediaBody` will fill the remaining space in the row.
```

Reviewer 3: Actually..I don't even know if this is needed here. It's basically covered in Basic Media Object, except for the part about how MediaFigure is sized.

        node {
          name
          description
          status
          version
        }
      }
    }
    mdx(fields: {slug: {eq: "/media-object/"}}) {
      fileAbsolutePath
      frontmatter {
        slug
        title
      }
      headings {
        depth
        value
      }
    }
  }
`;

<ComponentHeader
  name="Media Object"
  categoryRoute={SidebarCategoryRoutes.LAYOUT}
  githubUrl="https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/tree/main/packages/paste-core/layout/media-object"
  storybookUrl="https://twilio-labs.github.io/paste/?path=/story/layout-media-object--default"
  data={props.data.allPasteLayout.edges}
/>

---

<contentwrapper>

<PageAside data={props.data.mdx} />

<content>

## Guidelines

### About Media Object

First created by [Nicole Sullivan](http://www.stubbornella.org/content/2010/06/25/the-media-object-saves-hundreds-of-lines-of-code/) back in 2010, the Media Object in Paste aims to serve many of the same purposes as the original concept. It's a layout pattern that you will see all across the web, on almost all the websites you will come across. We're pretty sure you'll **never unsee this going forward**.

<Blockquote
  name="Nicole Sullivan"

>   source="http://www.stubbornella.org/"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  source="http://www.stubbornella.org"
```
